the US has joined the United Nations in
warning Israel that its agreement to
allow two fuel tankers a day into Gaza
doesn't go far enough they say more is
needed to avert a humanitarian crisis
Israel says it is taking action so that
power can be restored to essential
services such as water pumps the seage
system and Communications Israel's
bombardment of Gaza has continued with
Hamas with the Hamas controlled Health
Ministry say at least 26 people have
been killed in the southern city of Han
unun our correspondent Tom bitman has
more Palestinians wait desperate for
bread the UN says people are facing the
immediate possibility of starvation
after the supply chain for Aid collapsed
due to the lack of fuel bakeries and
wheat Mills have been cut off from
Power the delivery of fuel is the most
critical need for the people of of Gaza
the humanitarian crisis has deepened
amid Israel's near total Siege now it
says under us pressure it will allow in
two trucks of fuel per day but Aid
agencies say that's still nowhere near
enough the international pressure is
growing to get Aid in the situation is
most dire in the north with a critical
lack of food and clean water the risk of
disease is increasing say Aid groups the
's human rights Chief said that the
fighting must halt these repeated calls
by the global Community must not be
ignored but implemented at once there
must be a ceasefire on humanitarian and
human rights grounds and an end to the
fighting not only to deliver urgently
needed food and provide meaningful
humanitarian assistance but also to
create space for a path out of this
horror meanwhile there are growing
worries about the potential for a total
security collapse in Gaza with few signs
of a plan after the fighting the US says
it doesn't want isra boots on the ground
in the long term there may have to be a
a transitional period where there uh
secuity is provided uh for for Gaza
that's something that that we have to
look at but when it comes to the future
of Gaza uh in our judgment it has to be
under uh Palestinian governance
meanwhile in Israel continued their
March from Tel Aviv demanding the return
of nearly 240 hostages held by Hamas
their destination is the office in
Jerusalem of prime minister Benjamin
Netanyahu seven of my family members are
kidnapped in Gaza my mother my sister my
sister husband and their children who
are eight and three years old a
three-year-old girl is in Gaza my aunt
and cousin is 12 how can you put a price
on ay girl we need them back now at any
price Israeli air strikes continue to
pound Gaza both in the north where
Israeli troops are on the ground and in
the South which was supposed to be safer
for residents The Staggering number of
Civilian deaths in Gaza continues to
rise with many remaining trapped under
the rubble meanwhile sporadic rocket
fire from Gaza continued into Israel
with no reports of
fatalities six weeks on from the attacks
by Hamas that sparked this war no end is
in sight to the fighting Tom bman BBC
News Jerusalem